all dogs can trace their ancestry back
to the wolf
so if all dogs came from one species
then how did they end up to be so many
different shapes and sizes when we first
domesticated dogs we bred out some of
the wild behaviors and this process
accidentally led to new characteristics
colored coats curly tails and floppy
ears add a few thousand years of
breeding from the dogs we love the most
and you have the huge variety that we
see today
in theory any dog can mate with any
other dog but practicalities get in the
way
if humans were as different as a par
gonna sand Bernard then our Heights
would range from 65 centimeters to 10
meters tall but there's one thing that
just about every dog does whole bark so
why do they bark where does it come from
wolves don't bark they howl some
scientists think that barking has
evolved just for our benefit so does
this mean that they're talking to us and
if so what are they saying they seem to
understand our words dig dig come on
speak hey get by the can dogs really
talk to us by barking I think anybody
ever understands doc they understand you
I don't think you ever understand the
dog let's see if these owners can
understand what different barks mean put
one dog she probably was to tell her tip
better for me okay
Carly listen son is unhappy it's good
way once attention it's it's frustrated
I visualize him in a open space on a
lead and he wants to beat up on to go to
somewhere or somebody so it's quite
happy bike it's soon as if it's plain to
me that sounds like you're just about to
throw a ball for the dog and there's
that level of excitement it's running
all around you it's been identified that
dogs can communicate at least six
different emotions to us through their
barks that's why I know you're thinking
I just proved isn't it that dogs can
talk by barking
you